:disableskip:
:senpaihmm:...the Literature Club? I do admit, I never fancied myself the reading or writing type.
:senpaihappy:That comes as a shock to many, when they all say I have such a way with words.
:senpaihappy:And they're so right~
:monikagasp:That club meant everything to me.
:monikagasp:It was my chance to finally get people invested in this world of endless possibilities that I found myself so engrossed in all my life.
:monikagasp:It brought people who wouldn't have ever interacted with each other together in any other circumstance.
:monikagasp:Those people became my friends. My best friends.
:monikasad:My only friends...
:senpaihmm:Something must've driven you away from all that, to a whole new school for that matter. 
:monikasad:I was caught up in an "epiphany".
:monikasad:Nothing in my life was real. And I desperately wanted the one thing that was truly real.
:monikasad:I was given a window into something greater, but the world was set up to make me watch everyone else have what was on the other side.
:monikasad:My friends. Sayori, Yuri, Natsuki. They were allowed to have the one thing I wanted. So-
:senpaihmm:So you "got rid" of them. Just like you tried here, hmm?
:monikasad:Ah, I'm sorry to have let my stupid actions carry over here even when I thought I learned my lesson.
:senpaihappy:Well you did bring us all back and as good as ever, no? No hard feelings here.
:monikagasp:I guess so. I hope nothing wrong happens here because of it.
:monikagasp:Before I ended up here, I also brought all my friends back, and I planned to just stay gone, with my data completely erased-
:monikasad:-so they could be happy.
:monikasad:But, things didn't "work right" when everyone wasn't present.
:monikagasp:If that's still true with me not there-
:glitch:
:showbackgroundimage:flashback2
:hidedialogue:
:monikagasp:-!
:glitch:
:showbackgroundimage:ending3
:startmusic:ghost
:monikagasp:I- I made a mistake-!
:senpaihmm:M-Monika?! What's happening to you?
:monikasad:(This is really bad. I gotta-)
:glitch:
:showbackgroundimage:flashback3
:hidedialogue:
:monikasad:(-wait! That kid is there too?!)
:monikasad:(Damn it, I don't know how him and his girlfriend even got there, but if my friends are acting like this-)
:glitch:
:showbackgroundimage:ending4
:hidedialogue:
:playsound:glitch2
:monikagasp:I gotta fix this! Somehow!
:senpaihmm:Wh-what in the fresh hell is all this?!
:monikasad:There's gotta be something... something...
:monikagasp:If my character data is acting up too, even from here-
:monikagasp:-then there's a chance that I still have some residual data over there-!
:monikagasp:Maybe if I just...
:monikagasp:-try this!
:glitch:
:showbackgroundimage:ending5
:endmusic:
:playsound:glitch1
:hidedialogue:
:senpaihmm:-!
:senpaihmm:...and just like that, the only one to ever truly intrigue me has left in a flash.
:senpaihmm:Ah, woe is me!
:senpaihmm:...
:senpai:...what am I saying?
:senpai:This shit sucks.
:fadeout:...